 remake, I hope you take advantage of what
I've done, because I intend to do everything I can to make things
go faster. 
SEVEN: I don't. What you want to do is turn them off. 
TUVOK: That is correct, Doctor. 
SEVEN: If we are to increase the warp core's efficiency. 
TUVOK: We will do that, Seven of Nine. However, we must begin
with the phase lock-down phase, which requires an even
temperature of approximately eleven hundred Celsius. 
SEVEN: I have already begun the phase lock-down phase, but you
must understand that when our warp core cools down further, the
temperature will increase in order to reach the temperature at the time. 
TUVOK: That is correct. 
SEVEN: As I suspected, the plasma barrier has already been weakened. 
TUVOK: The best way to increase the efficiency of the core is to
try and increase the temperature. 
SEVEN: I will do that. 
TUVOK: We will have to prepare the plasma chamber as a shield around the
warp core. 
SEVEN: Yes. 
TUVOK: That will allow us to operate at a warp speed. 
SEVEN: Thank you, Doctor. However, the phase lock-down phase will require
maximum power efficiency. That will take time. 
TUVOK: I will attempt to maintain the current level of efficiency for as long
as possible. 
SEVEN: Understood. 
TUVOK: That will take some time. 
SEVEN: I will contact you shortly to report progress.

[Engineering]

CHAKOTAY: Here it is. The shield generator. There's a
little more to it than that. The shield generator has an odd signature, so
I'm going to try to analyse it more closely. 
JANEWAY: We might have something. I'll be right back. 
JANEWAY: What did you find? 
SEVEN: The generator's primary power source is an array of two hundred
metres in length. 
JANEWAY: A shield generator? 
SEVEN: Yes. It contains a large number of interphase subprocessors. 
JANEWAY: What are they used for? 
SEVEN: I don't know. I'd rather not discuss them. 
TUVOK: What does this shield generator do? 
TUVOK: I believe the generators are used to power a variety of auxiliary functions.
For example, a number of small subprocessors have been isolated on
the shield generators to serve as sensors and auxiliary power sources.
The generators are also used to generate the thermal energy
necessary to operate auxiliary units. There are several units inside the
shield generators. These devices are approximately twelve metres tall. They appear
to be powered from within the shield generators. 
JANEWAY: How? 
TUVOK: There are twenty two auxiliary power sources, but it is not clear how much. 
JANEWAY: Who controls them? 
TUVOK: I believe we can surmise it is the Starfleet Intelligence Directorate. 
JANEWAY: Where are they located? 
TUVOK: Approximately eighty metres underground. 
JANEWAY: Is there a transporter? 
TUVOK: No, Commander. 
JANEWAY: How are they managed? 
TUVOK: It is possible to generate auxiliary power from these auxiliary devices, but only a small fraction
can generate sufficient heat to power a starship's propulsion systems. 
JANEWAY: I see. 
TUVOK: We will be attempting to disable them. If I don't find the auxiliary power sources,
then there will be no way for the defence units to use their
energy. 
JANEWAY: Commander, we can't allow them to operate without power. 
TUVOK: There are a number of auxiliary power sources on the shield generator, but we don't
intend to use their power. 
JANEWAY: Mister Paris, I have a theory. You might want to shut down the shield generators.

[Bridge]

CHAKOTAY: There's a small amount of power inside the shield generator, but there
is no indication that their systems are being
attempted to manipulate the field polarity. 
JANEWAY: Commander. 
SEVEN: There is no indication of internal sabotage, however. 
JANEWAY: We must try it. 