 remake, and I
won't have to wait for them. 
WORF: What was the original name of this ship? 
PICARD: The Enterprise Enterprise. 
WORF: The Enterprise? 
PICARD: It's a Federation spacecraft, based in the United
States. 
RIKER: We should have found a way to transport people out of the
Federation into the Federation. 
WORF: We already have. 
RIKER: But what about the other colonies? 
WORF: There is no way to evacuate the inhabitants. They are no
longer under the Federation's jurisdiction. 
PICARD: Why are there other colonies? 
PICARD: There is a problem with the Federation law on
transfers of people to another Federation body. If we're going to
take out an entire colony of people we have to make it a
priority. 
WORF: It would mean committing genocide. 
PICARD: If we can't do it, we won't find anyone to help us. 
WORF: I assure you there is no reason for concern. We are perfectly
equipped and we intend to use it.

[Planet surface]

(a young girl is playing, her parents are
preparing some food for the children) 
TATIANA: We're very hungry. There was a great deal of work to do.
We have been preparing a very large meal which should be ready to
meet the needs of the children for the next ten days. 
LAFORGE: And what would be the best way to make it more than ten days
long? 
TATIANA: Well, it should take a great deal of time for the people to get
the chance to eat. 
LAFORGE: Let's say we had ten days to prepare something. We could eat
whenever we wanted. 
TATIANA: Oh, this is very interesting. Our children will have
previously been taught to eat what we have offered them. 
LAFORGE: They will have to learn to look for what we offer, how
to choose what tastes good to them. 
TATIANA: I think that is how your children will have to learn too. 
LAFORGE: The children are supposed to learn to look for this. 
TATIANA: Our children will have to learn to look for the Federation.
They will be looking for these people. 
PICARD: And what would they be looking for? Their own people. 
TATIANA: A way to survive. A way to live. To exist by other rules and
colonies. 
PICARD: I see. Now when the children are children they are going to have to make the
decision for themselves. And if they can't make it for years, they need
to take responsibility and get into shape. 
LAFORGE: Right. 
PICARD: So there are rules, just not in your favour. 
TATIANA: I see. 
PICARD: Then you have to ask yourself, what do you want? To have a child? Do you want to live a
caring and respectful life, or to have a child as a sacrifice and take
everything that's worth living for to be a sacrifice? 
TATIANA: Well, it's very simple. What is your most likely to achieve as a parent is to
be a good parent? If you ask yourself that question 
PICARD: Is your child going to be an inspiration?
Is it important that it be? 
TATIANA: It has to be, not just for you, but for your children. They're the future. 
PICARD: And what if your child doesn't make it? 
TATIANA: Then you have to think about other lives for them. Are you the best
parents you could possibly be? Are you better than this? Are you better than
that? Then you will create a life. 
PICARD: It's difficult to be sure. But there has to be a way for you to create
the life that you want. 
TATIANA: There are people here who have grown up in other worlds, so they want
to be able to do things you can't do. And I don't think that they'll
find that easy to do. I don't want to think, I think about being a good
parent. But if there is a way to create this life that you want, you can do it. 
PICARD: You're not asking me to