 remake is coming. 
PICARD: Well, how long will it last, Mister O'Brien? 
O'BRIEN: Two days, maybe more. We're running one on top of the
first. 
RIKER: Why a day? 
O'BRIEN: Our first officer and I were both born on the same day, November
one eighty four. We were five months apart in the beginning, but within
a year the two of us had aged over a hundred, had we not
changed? 
RIKER: How have you been, Ensign? 
O'BRIEN: Good. I'm fine, I don't have any more problems with the
original story, but it doesn't work the same way. You're not supposed to
be a female. 
RIKER: I understand the rationale. It's a historical fact. Who can
not accept it. 
O'BRIEN: I don't know what you think. The story itself 
RIKER: Well, if you don't like it, don't read it. 
O'BRIEN: I didn't think so, sir. I've had a few people object to
my role in the story, but since I have a male role model in Ensign
Barrett. 
RIKER: I didn't intend this conversation to be some kind of self-promotion, Ensign.

O'BRIEN: I understand why, sir. 
RIKER: There's a good chance that your role will not be that
much different from Commander Riker's. 
O'BRIEN: I understand. 
RIKER: Ensign Sotto, would you mind telling me why this is so? 
SOTTO: We are not the enemy. We are only the enemy. 
RIKER: We are the enemy. 
SOTTO: That's right. Our war plan was never really a war plan at all. 
RIKER: They were, but they never thought of it that way. 
SOTTO: They were, yes. But the truth is, it was the only way to get this
little war into its proper channels. 
RIKER: Yes. 
SOTTO: The Ferengi, the Cardassians, they thought we had one of the best
military structures in the quadrant. We thought we were defending a
foothold. We didn't really believe that. 
RIKER: I understand. 
SOTTO: They knew us. They knew that if they could do it, we would join them. 
RIKER: Yes. And they thought we'd be just like them. 
SOTTO: They were right. They just had us on the wrong side of the war. 
RIKER: You think they'd be willing to risk everything they knew to fight us? 
SOTTO: That's exactly what they were afraid of. 
RIKER: They knew exactly how the Cardassians would respond. We were too
crowded. Too close to the borders. 
SOTTO: That wasn't possible. It wouldn't have been. There was too much chaos and
too much bloodshed. 
RIKER: Too much bloodshed? 
SOTTO: There were two billion people. 
RIKER: It wasn't necessary to kill everyone. 
SOTTO: No, it was necessary to take casualties to keep them from spreading
among the civilian population. 
RIKER: And I'll tell you this, Ensign, and my first officer was killed for
his part in the war. His name is Garrett Garrett Sotto. 
SOTTO: Garrett Sotto. He died during the
conflict. 
RIKER: He was a traitor. 
SOTTO: Yes. He fought valiantly. 
RIKER: And I believe him. 
SOTTO: He was one of my first officer's best friends. He was on the front line
because he was the only one. I will not lie to you, Number One. There were so
many of you. There was just too much chaos and so much carnage. I never gave my
very best. I wanted you to know. 
RIKER: What about that man? He wasn't a traitor, Ensign. He just wanted
to help me fight this war, whatever that means. He was a man of
great faith. 
SOTTO: I know. I'm sorry, sir. I didn't mean to. 
RIKER: I understand. 
SOTTO: But you weren't on