 remake? 
REED: Yes, sir. The last chapter of the story. 
KORAN: (A tall dark-haired man with a beard) We have been
prepared for you. Let us be your saviour. 
KORAN: A perfect man to be your saviour. 
REED: A perfect man to be your saviour. 
(A young female gets beamed off) 
REED: You have come to make a wish. 
KORAN: I shall go now. 
REED: As you wished, we will make the journey back to your ship. 
(They go back in the turbolift with a group of security officers) 
T'POL: Captain. 
REED: My Captain. 
 [Mess
hall] 
 (Seven wakes up, gasping.) 
PARIS:
Seven? 
SEVEN: It's all right, Lieutenant. I'm fine.

Captain's log, stardate 44615.1. The crew of Voyager has discovered the
crew's transporter to be damaged. Fortunately it has been repaired, but a few
crewmembers have been lost.

[Corridor]

HOSHI:
The last time we saw them before, when they were at their cabin
in orbit around the planet, they were on the ground. 
TRAVIS: We can't believe it took you so long. 
HOSHI: There was a time when they had to come down for medical
treatment. One of them said they could take us on this mission, but they
thought about leaving the crew behind, so they gave us an
emergency landing on a planet that might keep us alive.

TRAVIS: And how'd they look? 
HOSHI: He was like a ghost. 
TRAVIS: If they're willing to come down, why can't we? 
HOSHI: It could have come down from some other source. 
TRAVIS: They said they're looking for life forms. 
HOSHI: They said it's the only way to make contact with their people. 
TRAVIS: If it works, we won't have a chance to find out. 
TRAVIS: The atmosphere's too dense for us to get a direct look at
them. 
REED: If it does work, they'll do it. 
PARIS: If the ship's lucky. They won't be able to see us. 
HOSHI: Their sensors are failing. They could be waiting for us down here. 
TRAVIS: I think they could put us to sleep for a while. 
HOSHI: We'll need something to eat. 
TRAVIS: How much time would we be spending sleeping, sleeping in a starship? We're going
to be on a very high-speed course for a while. 
HOSHI: We could even use an escape hatch.
TRAVIS: A hatch? It's not a hatch. 
HOSHI: A transport pod. 
PARIS: What about the escape pod. If we found out they were in here to meet the
people 
HOSHI: Captain. 
PARIS: A shuttlepod? 
TRAVIS: They said it's more like a vessel. We don't know the type. 
PARIS: They're using it as a transport. 
HOSHI: Maybe they thought it would make them easier for the
Saratine. I'm not surprised. 
TRAVIS: It's not a transport. 
HOSHI: Maybe someone's using it as a shuttle.
PARIS: What if it was used by a person trying to escape. Someone who might have
disappeared into the atmosphere. 
TRAVIS: A natural gas transporter? 
TRAVIS: That's a pretty wild theory, but I would bet that if we could find out how

HOSHI: It can be constructed quickly. 
PARIS: I can't imagine it. 
TRAVIS: It's too dangerous. 
HOSHI: We don't have to wait for an answer. We could beam up to the planet and
get here as fast as we can. 
PARIS: Why are you talking about people trying to escape? 
TRAVIS: We could use some help. We just don't have the technology. 
TRAVIS: They're in there, hiding. They're going to take us somewhere. 
HOSHI: We can't just beam down right now. 