 remake the weapon. 
JANEWAY: You'll be in detention for the rest of your life. 
CHAKOTAY: Not until we bring the rest of the crew home. 
JANEWAY: That won't be possible. I'm sorry. 
CHAKOTAY: You're not going to get away with this. 
JANEWAY: Are you? 
CHAKOTAY: Not unless you convince Lieutenant Torres and her crew to help us
protect the others. I will. You will see, they won't let you take
me down to their ship, unless you have something better to do
with your time. 
JANEWAY: How are you holding up? 
CHAKOTAY: I'm fine, but I've learned to avoid using the
pulser orifice. It was the safest bet, but it has made the
batteries more difficult to control. 
JANEWAY: We're in the final stages of an evacuation. There's still a lot
of work to be done.

[Borg
lab] 
(Janeway is using a hand-held computer
when Chakotay enters with Torres.)JANEWAY:
The Borg are very clever, don't you think? They keep their word, they never
refuse a favour, that kind of thing. But some of them have the arrogance
of a young child, and they're not going to give it up easily.
(Chakotay grabs the computer console to see that it's a holodeck, but it
doesn't show them any of the characters. Voyager has an alien
planet in the background.)
JANEWAY: They'll give us something else. What else? What else do you
want to say? If they don't want to give me the information I need,
they have to. I've learned to trust them, to trust you. So I'll keep trying
to do what I can. But I must be able to tell you where you go. 
CHAKOTAY: It's the only way we can learn about them.

[Doorbell]

JANEWAY:
Come in. 
COMPUTER: Security personnel are required to leave this area in ten minutes.

(Janeway gives Chakotay the code and steps out of the room.) 
JANEWAY: We'll see you in a minute, Lieutenant. 
CHAKOTAY: I'll need to go home and explain this to my children. 
JANEWAY: You will understand. 
CHAKOTAY: Why? 
JANEWAY: It's because I'm afraid you will make us more vulnerable than we already
were. 
CHAKOTAY: I'm afraid you and the others are stronger than us now. 
(They start to walk away.) 
TUVOK: You should try walking away, Commander. 
KIM: We'll see how the guards respond, I promise. 
[Corridor]

TORRES:
They were expecting to find us alive and well by now. 
TUVOK: We were able to manoeuvre them into a corner. 
(Janeway stops walking, then turns and the two guards enter.) 
TORRES:
What do they intend to do? 
PARIS: They may be scanning us, but they're going to find the weapon. We're in trouble. 
JANEWAY: That's not good. 
TORRES: They'll stop at nothing to find us. 
[Bridge]

JANEWAY:
They've only managed to grab two of the prisoners. The others have disappeared. They're preparing to
break through their perimeter
fields, but it may be difficult for us to penetrate the perimeter. 
TORRES: They don't know we're there. 
PARIS: If they found their prisoners, they've sent out a distress call. Let's check
them out. 
[Doorbell]

TORRES:
They're scanning us. 
TUVOK: The transporter beam is weak. 
PARIS: Can we transport them in? 
JANEWAY: There's no time. 
TORRES: This isn't the best place for a weapon. We can't beam them out. 
TORRES: Then we have to make an intercept course. 
TUVOK: Captain, the weapon is too powerful. The shield generators are only about
fifteen metres from
this section. 
JANEWAY: We'll be within range of their shields within ten seconds.